Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/api/field_type_reference/varianttype.md

# VariantType

The VariantType Field Type offers a user interface for editing variants.

> The FieldType offers a selection of preconfigured variant types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Field Type offers a selection of preconfigured variant types.
```
